ARC-1292 update docs (#1426)
atlassian/github-for-jira: docs/FAQs.md

# GitHub for Jira FAQs

### General
<h3>Q: Does the GitHub for Jira app support GitLab?</h3>

**A:** No. If you want to integrate GitLab with your Jira instance, you need to install the [GitLab.com for Jira Cloud app](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/integration/jira/connect-app.html#install-the-gitlabcom-for-jira-cloud-app-for-self-managed-instances) for self-managed instances.

<h3>Q: Backfilling my data is taking a long time. When will I see my data in Jira?</h3>

> **A:** When you conect a GitHub organization to Jira via the GitHub for Jira app, a process called “backfilling” begins. This process looks for issue keys in your historical data in GitHub. If it finds issue keys, it links your development data to existing issues in Jira.

Reviewer: Typo on `connect`
```suggestion
**A:** When you co,nect a GitHub organization to Jira via the GitHub for Jira app, a process called “backfilling” begins. This process looks for issue keys in your historical data in GitHub. If it finds issue keys, it links your development data to existing issues in Jira.
```
